[filebeat][azure-blob-storage] - Added input metrics with minor logging changes (#43954)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-azure-blob-storage.md

**Explanation :** In this configuration even though we have specified `max_workers = 10`, `poll = true` and `poll_interval = 15s` at the root level, both the containers will override these values with their own respective values which are defined as part of their sub attibutes.

> [float]
> === Metrics
> 
> This input exposes metrics under the <<http-endpoint, HTTP monitoring endpoint>>.
> These metrics are exposed under the `/inputs` path. They can be used to
> observe the activity of the input.
> 
> [options="header"]
> |=======
> | Metric                                      | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Metrics [_metrics]

This input exposes metrics under the [HTTP monitoring endpoint](/reference/filebeat/http-endpoint.md).
These metrics are exposed under the `/inputs` path. They can be used to
observe the activity of the input.

| Metric | Description |
| --- | --- |
```

This should fix the table formatting.

| `abs_blobs_requested_total`                 | Total number of ABS blobs downloaded.
| `abs_blobs_published_total`                 | Total number of ABS blobs processed that were published.
| `abs_blobs_listed_total`                    | Total number of ABS blobs returned by list operations.
| `abs_bytes_processed_total`                 | Total number of ABS bytes processed.
| `abs_events_created_total`                  | Total number of events created from processing ABS data.
| `abs_blobs_inflight_gauge`                  | Number of ABS blobs inflight (gauge).
| `abs_jobs_scheduled_after_validation`       | Histogram of the number of jobs scheduled after validation.
| `abs_blob_processing_time`                  | Histogram of the elapsed ABS blob processing times in nanoseconds (start of download to completion of parsing).
| `abs_blob_size_in_bytes`                    | Histogram of processed ABS blob size in bytes.
| `abs_events_per_blob`                       | Histogram of event count per ABS blob.
| `source_lag_time`                           | Histogram of the time between the source (Updated) timestamp and the time the blob was read, in nanoseconds.

> |=======

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Also to fix the table formatting.

::::

::::{important}
The `pipeline` is always lowercased. If `pipeline: Foo-Bar`, then the pipeline name in {{es}} needs to be defined as `foo-bar`.
::::

#### `keep_null` [_keep_null_11]

If this option is set to true, fields with `null` values will be published in the output document. By default, `keep_null` is set to `false`.

#### `index` [_index_11]

If present, this formatted string overrides the index for events from this input (for elasticsearch outputs), or sets the `raw_index` field of the event’s metadata (for other outputs). This string can only refer to the agent name and version and the event timestamp; for access to dynamic fields, use `output.elasticsearch.index` or a processor.

Example value: `"%{[agent.name]}-myindex-%{+yyyy.MM.dd}"` might expand to `"filebeat-myindex-2019.11.01"`.

#### `publisher_pipeline.disable_host` [_publisher_pipeline_disable_host_11]

By default, all events contain `host.name`. This option can be set to `true` to disable the addition of this field to all events. The default value is `false`.

> 

Reviewer: Hi @ShourieG. The docs add looks good. I think it just needs a couple of formatting changes for the metrics table as I added above. 

You can view a preview here: https://docs-v3-preview.elastic.dev/elastic/beats/pull/43954/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-azure-blob-storage

The preview updates after the `buildkite/build-docs-pr` check finishes.
